hey guys you're watching poker news i'm
lynn Gilmartin at the 42nd annual World
Series of Poker and i'm joined by team
pokerstars pro Andre Akari he's in day 2
of the 10k horse but your textbook knows
because you weren't doing her what's
going on actually I'm feeling good you
know because I yesterday in the middle
of the day I had 600 chest and chips
well then I got back to 27,000 and I was
leaving like what you believe it no one
gets from 600 to 27,000 I was sick the
last hand that I have 600 I just raised
with eggs not leave it Holden and then I
got call forever all the Tewa all they
will call it and i bought the quads
wasn't me and then i got back to 4500
then twelve thousand and sixteen
thousand then I finished the daves
27,000 perfect well let's just proof
that anything can happen for you today
there you are playing horse tell me
which games are you favorite which I
your least favorite oh for sure my
favorite game on horses limit hold'em
yeah and my worst game is steady hi I
love yesterday the worst game for me and
like I got like a Honest Abe all right
and you know grandma's table erick
lindgren Michael pinger yeah they put
the pressure on yeah I'm feeling in the
meat off Africa they've all the Lions in
rolla mechanism are encouraged server
and they are they are good places
Michael being a danger no medical Linda
he thought her hands thing and they are
all hearts players so really really
tough for me but they also have Andre
Curry on their table okay I hope that is
the donkey okay i hope that are they are
there make another interview sale I have
a car in the day with it tell us about
your world series you have at one cash
that I've seen you around a lot you
played a lot of events what's going on
yeah I played 12 events I got three
bubbles already like one Ryo Bobo and
choo choo for the money but I'm feeling
good actually I'm play well and i'm
happy with my games saving the run good
for the big events like this one and a
man that's when you want it right yeah i
actually going to win this one and then
i'm gonna win the six handed and the
main event i'm not sure the final debuts
for sure right but I'm nowhere near the
final table will do alright well very
best of luck it's always nice to speak
to you this is andre qari I'm link your
Martin for poker news com